modified references to SAG tech community (#2570)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/AI-ML-integration-bundle/step3-set-up-model-workflow.md

To orchestrate the model execution, this workflow can be set up by leveraging the Streaming Analytics tooling, either Analytics Builder or EPL apps. More information on the specific tooling can be found in [Streaming Analytics](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/).

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> In the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} article for [scenario B](#scenario-b-embedded-hosting-using-custom-microservice), a detailed description on how to create this can be found: [How to create an ML Inference workflow using Streaming Analytics]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/277988#how-to-create-an-ml-inference-workflow-using-streaming-analytics-13).

Reviewer: @BeateRixen  The link to the article must be update to: https://techcommunity.cumulocity.com/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/4924

> In the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} article for [scenario B](#scenario-b-embedded-hosting-using-custom-microservice), a detailed description on how to create this can be found: [How to create an ML Inference workflow using Streaming Analytics]({{< link-sag-tech-forum >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/277988#how-to-create-an-ml-inference-workflow-using-streaming-analytics-13).

Author: ```suggestion
In the {{< c8y-tech-community >}} article for [scenario B](#scenario-b-embedded-hosting-using-custom-microservice), a detailed description on how to create this can be found: [How to create an ML Inference workflow using Streaming Analytics]({{< c8y-tech-community-link >}}/t/performing-machine-learning-inference-on-cumulocity-iot-data-using-open-source-frameworks/4924).
```
